re ana watcher
me
Nakayama Racecourse is the 11th main of today
The 13th Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Prize Script Nakayama Grand Jump jg 1
This year will be held on the island freely at a distance of 4000,260 meters
Translation, such as in Purafea degree Suzuka sensor in the Meiji Lara princess l Junction Definition 6 sudden
12 of the open garden hammer 10 b Yotakara boss sleep ca time pressing in Dadu million copies hand
Head
8 e is over
Started
First of all, if you put it in a quiet area, go over the master course and go through the first ikea ward life
Although facing
Tm rushes out to birds or colds my first life
I went in not taken to the top from the business card Dora Fi second place
Boss l Junction Suzuka Spencer third fastest population Mishima because I
It came out before the stand
L junction of the new 3 Umami Rory need Mejiro Rafiki open the Hisashi in the corner work
I will get a second from my house
I'm outside with tm smash whats a lifetime with a swing
Water has been affixed to 2 meters 70, but went to any One cold compartment is there
The highest peak Essen b tax Cinder door to joy
Care Disorder Mage Dorakey 4 Place
Lead a deprived by day guy l Junction second place third hand is not a tm break through and
I will know the curve on the right ikea head to the obstacle
Open garden each of second place third place Toyogoshi blown 5th position the head of the joint Bora from high school
Until the highest peak Ekiten beads cool group got the joy
I wish the across the force will Sashikakari disparity price to the first valley
Come climbing down the valley Mejiro Rafiti movement still after we open the of here 4 Umami
Machine poisoning
Suzuka Spencer and tm are lined up with 2nd l-junction 3rd with 2nd
Three bosses are lined up from outside in a sudden outbreak
Enter the Sakai course
Beneath the other to be hit by deep valleys small meter 30 Datte off and you have to climb from now on
And it looks to the left
I will go to the first obstacle
Come on Shomenba first first difficult cause Chikase district disorder
The contraction width of 2 meters and 5 centimeters of the serve was also specific heat
At the station store where I started out at Minamisato 4 s voice, I went to the left to clear the first obstacle.
I will turn around and head back to the first rich obstacle this time around, but there is no obstacle here
Now turn off the curve to the left in the Nmeji flower animals 4 Umami of lead
2nd place l junction 3rd place as early as 3rd
Open Garden came up 4th place Suzuka Spencer web ca time
Followed by
ikea wards the way to the station store beads
I 'm going to go to my head The first joint Dora hearing is progressing indiscriminately, but the second place
Open garden went down the valley side by side in the top up Kiritsu Kiritsu
As I climbed down the valley, I caught one horse, one horse and the range , and went up to the Open Gardenie.
Was
Third at f 10 b and followed by Mercy A Time
I left the curve to the left and went to the Great Disability Course again
We climbed down deep 5 meters 30 centimeters
I can see the appearance of each horse and say the dart course well
Oike takes a period obstacle amount of money obstacle 2 m 40 cm wide
We will clear each time whether you can clear this height now
Cleared to the highest peak station shop beads
Business Card Degree Rankin My Pace Or How To Open This 3 Horse Lead
Slca time third open garden horse racing go of while watching this is minus the period disabled children
In Suzuka Spencer 4th place in the bottom outburst part of 5th place to 4th place in Suzuka Spencer
n junction is up will take over N Maineru Deus down combat tip group
I So near we heard the
Although little Furape began like that Gras will Sashikakari top beard fall in January last waterfall
Best yet
Come down the valley, business card Dry up and climb down the last valley
Now it from parting from the failure course we will come out around the outside professional hobby
Completely caught in the range really down my boat from inside the second place third Garde
It's about to sing in front of the herb disorder
The fourth place Daiichi of mercy A time battle eyes
One cold the life of was cut toward the front bird one thousand meters to match the foot
The second opening garden a little in every minute
As a substitute for Usakura, it has risen to the third position of Mercy A Time again
3 corners around curves in 3 corners
Also multiplied arranged in minute garden will we Come on second place towards the failure on the was completely around the
Eat You are about throw its hat into the bill time second fastest male in the mile rally from 4th place
In the middle of the 34 corners, a lifetime of cold is 2 points m sudden rising from the rear but still remains
600 meters
Suzuka Spencer is coming out for a moment
The battle bell tower which has reached the curve of 4 corners is pulled
Turn off the remaining 400 are still fled wonder if second place to put a large amount ca corner curl
I 'm going straight now
walk が ボ ス マ イ タ ン パ ク ボ ス boss is now up to third protein, the last last
Hurdle disorder
From the page once a topic
Michael is chasing hard from sixth place in battle
Third fastest solder Gaa
Set ten thousand another
Grinded road leading well through by car
Became a battle
Brother tea of be inferior can sleep
Finally because I to catching up also the boss will not spend arranged in open garden
The end of the last Tsu Japanese white-eye